rest.md, before:

# REST authentication

## Obtaining a login token
The user can obtain a token by making a ```POST```-request to the following url:
```
$(base_url)/rest/login
```

with two request body parameters:
- The username as ```email```.
- The password as ```password```.

If the login is correct, the return body will be something like:
```(json)
{
    "id": 76,
    "owner": {
        "email": "john3@test.be",
        "id": 44,
        "lastPrettyLogin": "een ogenblik geleden",
        "imageHash": "qwertyui",
        "name": "John Doe",
        "role": "MECHANIC"
    },
    "token": "PiKeoTAzP0+gVSBNAxqCNpqLpI87ohR298LLf4SP09YtDNiDYTAwCZ4M7sfkVmOLiobnTXsF3AvfeqbzAJZc0TGlWcZgkOq63sgtEG41h3b4/nFsG/tUAjKgbNSxTml3NJ3A3DLP9HJuCRFXJPWv9/PKA5vKOvQibog6ZdYbsx9VFpH71g1/ZJ1K176q0uP+Ot8MEySihBr8vnye4jRYgGEbL/XKL8qYNQOZkpdMVyN0XhJ9mwqw6m2LAvRpFwLv"
}
```
Notice the token id is returned, as well as the user id of the owner. 

If the login is incorrect, the service will return:
```
HTTP 401 Unauthorized
```

## Using the token
You can use the token on the secured api endpoints by including the ```Autorization``` paramater in your request header. It's important to notice we use the header, not the body.

Your header value consists of ```Bearer $(token)```, so it might look something like this:
```
Bearer PiKeoTAzP0+gVSBNAxqCNpqLpI87ohR298LLf4SP09YtDNiDYTAwCZ4M7sfkVmOLiobnTXsF3AvfeqbzAJZc0TGlWcZgkOq63sgtEG41h3b4/nFsG/tUAjKgbNSxTml3NJ3A3DLP9HJuCRFXJPWv9/PKA5vKOvQibog6ZdYbsx9VFpH71g1/ZJ1K176q0uP+Ot8MEySihBr8vnye4jRYgGEbL/XKL8qYNQOZkpdMVyN0XhJ9mwqw6m2LAvRpFwLv
```

If succesful, you should see a ```HTTP 200``` response.

## Token expiration
The tokens will last 14 days by default.

# REST endpoints
Location:
```$(base_url)/rest/```

## Workplace
Location:
```$(base_url)/rest/workplace```

#### List of **workplaces** by user id
Obtain a list of workplaces by providing a user id.
Location:
```$(base_url)/rest/workplace/rest/workplace/get_by_user_id/$(id)```

Example response:
```json
[
  {
    "mechanics": [
      {
        "email": "john0@test.be",
        "id": 41,
        "imageHash": "qwertyui",
        "name": "John Doe",
        "role": "MECHANIC"
      }
    ],
    "id": 1,
    "name": "Gent-Sint-Pieters",
    "traincoaches": [
      {
        "id": 7,
        "needsReview": true,
        "constructor": "BOMBARDIER",
        "name": "78558",
        "type": "M7"
      },
      {
        "id": 8,
        "needsReview": true,
        "constructor": "BOMBARDIER",
        "name": "78559",
        "type": "M7"
      }
    ]
  }
]
```

Commit message:

Rest endpoint for changing issue status
Not done yet.

rest.md, after:

# REST authentication

## Obtaining a login token
The user can obtain a token by making a ```POST```-request to the following url:
```
$(base_url)/rest/login
```

with two request body parameters:
- The username as ```email```.
- The password as ```password```.

If the login is correct, the return body will be something like:
```(json)
{
    "id": 76,
    "owner": {
        "email": "john3@test.be",
        "id": 44,
        "lastPrettyLogin": "een ogenblik geleden",
        "imageHash": "qwertyui",
        "name": "John Doe",
        "role": "MECHANIC"
    },
    "token": "PiKeoTAzP0+gVSBNAxqCNpqLpI87ohR298LLf4SP09YtDNiDYTAwCZ4M7sfkVmOLiobnTXsF3AvfeqbzAJZc0TGlWcZgkOq63sgtEG41h3b4/nFsG/tUAjKgbNSxTml3NJ3A3DLP9HJuCRFXJPWv9/PKA5vKOvQibog6ZdYbsx9VFpH71g1/ZJ1K176q0uP+Ot8MEySihBr8vnye4jRYgGEbL/XKL8qYNQOZkpdMVyN0XhJ9mwqw6m2LAvRpFwLv"
}
```
Notice the token id is returned, as well as the user id of the owner. 

If the login is incorrect, the service will return:
```
HTTP 401 Unauthorized
```

## Using the token
You can use the token on the secured api endpoints by including the ```Autorization``` paramater in your request header. It's important to notice we use the header, not the body.

Your header value consists of ```Bearer $(token)```, so it might look something like this:
```
Bearer PiKeoTAzP0+gVSBNAxqCNpqLpI87ohR298LLf4SP09YtDNiDYTAwCZ4M7sfkVmOLiobnTXsF3AvfeqbzAJZc0TGlWcZgkOq63sgtEG41h3b4/nFsG/tUAjKgbNSxTml3NJ3A3DLP9HJuCRFXJPWv9/PKA5vKOvQibog6ZdYbsx9VFpH71g1/ZJ1K176q0uP+Ot8MEySihBr8vnye4jRYgGEbL/XKL8qYNQOZkpdMVyN0XhJ9mwqw6m2LAvRpFwLv
```

If succesful, you should see a ```HTTP 200``` response.

## Token expiration
The tokens will last 14 days by default.

# REST endpoints
Location:
```$(base_url)/rest/```

## Workplace

#### List of **workplaces** by user id
Obtain a list of workplaces by providing a user id.
Request type: ```GET```
Location:     ```$(base_url)/rest/workplace/rest/workplace/get_by_user_id/$(id)```

Example response:
```json
[
  {
    "mechanics": [
      {
        "email": "john0@test.be",
        "id": 41,
        "imageHash": "qwertyui",
        "name": "John Doe",
        "role": "MECHANIC"
      }
    ],
    "id": 1,
    "name": "Gent-Sint-Pieters",
    "traincoaches": [
      {
        "id": 7,
        "needsReview": true,
        "constructor": "BOMBARDIER",
        "name": "78558",
        "type": "M7"
      },
      {
        "id": 8,
        "needsReview": true,
        "constructor": "BOMBARDIER",
        "name": "78559",
        "type": "M7"
      }
    ]
  }
]
```

## Issues

#### List of **issues** by issue id
Obtain a list of issues by providing a issue id.
Request type: ```GET```
Location:     ```$(base_url)/rest/workplace/rest/issues/$(id)```

#### List of **issues** by user id
Obtain a list of issues by providing a user id.
Request type: ```GET```
Location:     ```$(base_url)/rest/workplace/rest/issues/all_for_user/$(id)```

#### Update status
Update the issue status to one of the following:
  - ASSIGNED
  - IN_PROGRESS
  - COMPLETED
  - CREATED
Request type: ```PUT```
Location:     ``$(base_url)/rest/workplace/rest/issues/$(id)/${status}```
